docs: changelog 1/31/2025 (#2839)
neondatabase/website: content/changelog/2025-01-31.md

  Check out our [docs](https://neon.tech/docs/guides/neon-identity) to learn more.

  _Currently supporting Stack Auth, more providers coming soon._

  ```bash
  curl --request POST \
     --url https://console.neon.tech/api/v2/projects/identity/create \
     --header 'accept: application/json' \
     --header 'authorization: Bearer $NEON_API_KEY' \
     --header 'content-type: application/json' \
     --data '{
       "auth_provider": "stackauth",
       "project_id": "hidden-sun-87604935",
       "branch_id": "br-polished-star-a8ueuz2h",
       "database_name": "neondb",
       "role_name": "neondb_owner"
     }'
  ```

## The pg_cron extension is now self-serve

curl --request PATCH \
 --url https://console.neon.tech/api/v2/projects/hidden-sun-87604935/endpoints/ep-super-block-a8wd3g2k \
 --header 'accept: application/json' \
 --header 'authorization: Bearer $NEON_API_KEY' \
 --header 'content-type: application/json' \
 --data '
{
"endpoint": {
"settings": {
"pg_settings": {
"cron.database_name": "neondb"
}
}
}
}
'

<details>

<summary>**Fixes & improvements**</summary>

- **Drizzle Studio update**

>   The Drizzle Studio integration that powers the **Tables** page in the Neon Console has been updated to version 1.0.11. For the latest improvements and fixes, see the [Neon Drizzle Studio Integration Changelog](https://github.com/neondatabase/neon-drizzle-studio-changelog/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md).

Author: ```suggestion
  The Drizzle Studio integration that powers the **Tables** page in the Neon Console has been updated to version 1.0.12. For the latest improvements and fixes, see the [Neon Drizzle Studio Integration Changelog](https://github.com/neondatabase/neon-drizzle-studio-changelog/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md).
```

Author: added

- **Console updates**

  - Added a very clear banner to the results pane of the SQL Editor when running Time Travel queries to indicate that the results are from a previous point in time.

    ![time travel banner in SQL Editor](/docs/relnotes/time_travel_banner.png)

- **Neon API**

>   Neon API keys are now prefixed by `napi_`, as in the following example: `napi_<64-bit token>`. API key prefixes enable security measures that depend on identifiable markers.

Author: ```suggestion
Newly created Neon API keys are now prefixed with `napi_`. This change improves security by enabling secret scanning mechanisms that rely on identifiable markers.

Existing API keys remain valid. If you want to use the new format, you can generate a new API key. For instructions, see [API keys](/docs/manage/api-keys#creating-api-keys).
```

Author: added

---
description: The latest product updates from Neon
---

### The Neon Slack App is available for early access

![Neon Slack App](/docs/relnotes/slack_app.png)

The Neon Slack App helps you stay connected to your Neon Serverless Postgres databases. Here’s what you can do with it:

- 📈 Track compute and storage usage in real time
- 🔔 Receive alerts when your database approaches its performance limits
- 🟢 Quickly verify the Neon platform's status

We’d love to hear your feedback. Use the `/neon feedback` command in Slack to share your thoughts and feature requests.

👉 [Install Neon Slack App](https://slack.com/apps/A083ZAHGL1Z) or check out the [documentation](/docs/manage/slack-app) to get started.

### Postgres extension updates

- The `pgx_ulid` extension (0.2.0) is now available for Postgres 17. To install it, run:

  `CREATE EXTENSION pgx_ulid;`

  For Postgres 14, 15, and 16, the `pgx_ulid` extension has also been updated to version 0.2.0, but the installation command is different. Use:

  `CREATE EXTENSION ulid;`

> - We now support installing the previous version of `pgvector`.

Author: ```suggestion
- You can now install the previous version of `pgvector` (one version behind the latest supported version).
```

  ```sql
  CREATE EXTENSION vector VERSION '0.7.4';
  ```

>   The currently supported `pgvector` version in Neon is `0.8.0`, with `0.7.4` being the previous version. Currently supported extension versions are listed on Neon's [Postgres extension page](/docs/extensions/extensions-intro).

Author: ```suggestion
  The currently supported `pgvector` version in Neon is `0.8.0`, with `0.7.4` being the previous version. Currently supported extension versions are listed on Neon's [Postgres extension page](/docs/extensions/extensions-intro). Only one version of the extension can be installed at a time.
```
